qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:TTTTTTTT	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:TTTTTTTT	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:GGGGGGGG	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:GGGGGGGG	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:CCCCCCCC	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:CCCCCCCC	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Obvious duplicate
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	510	36	10S90M	*	0	0	GGGGGGGGGGTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	10 bp soft clipped left end 
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	510	36	10S90M	*	0	0	GGGGGGGGGGTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	10 bp soft clipped left end 
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	510	36	90M10S	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	10 bp soft clipped right end
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	510	36	90M10S	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	10 bp soft clipped right end
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	500	36	30M40S30M	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Contains skipped regions
qname:AAAAAAAA	0	2	500	36	30M40S30M	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Contains skipped regions
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:24260:1121:NAAAAAAA	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Ambiguous nucleotide
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:24260:1121:NTTTTTTT	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Ambiguous nucleotide
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:24260:1121:NGGGGGGG	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Ambiguous nucleotide
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:24260:1121:NCCCCCCC	0	2	500	36	100M	*	0	0	GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	Ambiguous nucleotide
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:24260:1121:CTGTTCAC	0	2	76814284	36	71M	*	0	0	TCCACCACAATCTTACCATCCTTCCTCCAGACCACATCGCGTTCTTTGTTCAACTCACAGCTCAAGTACAA	6AEEEEEEAEEAEEEEAAEEEEEEEEEAEEAEEAAEE<EEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEEAAEEAAAEAEEAEAE/	More sophisticated examples from actual file. 
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:18996:1145:TTCGCCTA	0	2	130171653	36	40M1I30M	*	0	0	GTCTCTTAGTTTATTATAAACCAGCTTCATAGGCCACAGAGGAAAAAGGACTATATACATACAGCCTTTTG	6AEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	More sophisticated examples from actual file. 
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:25533:1187:GTTCACCT	0	2	76743835	36	71M	*	0	0	CTTGGTAACTTTCAGAGAATTAGTCACAACTTCTGAAGCAACCACAGTCCATGCAAGTCGACTGGTTTCTC	6AEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEE<EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	More sophisticated examples from actual file. 
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:6251:1098:ATCCATGG	0	2	76765947	36	71M	*	0	0	GGCGTTCCAAACCACGGTCATCTCTTCTTTGCTTACTTTAGTGACTTCTGGAGGATCAGGGCGGCCAGGTC	/<EEAEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEEEEEAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	More sophisticated examples from actual file. 
NS500451:154:HWKTMBGXX:1:11101:11995:1145:AGCTACCA	0	2	76710746	36	71M	*	0	0	TGCATAACTCGTGCTGGTTTCCTCCTTTGTGGGGACGTGATAGGTCGAGTACCTGAAGTCTCTTCTTCTGT	6<EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	More sophisticated examples from actual file. 
